Fix typo in docs (#50)
napi-rs/website: pages/docs/compat-mode/recipes/call-context.en.mdx

}
```

> The argument sequence starts from `0`, and can't be larger than the number passed in the `js_function` macro. If you passed a position lager, a JavaScript Error will be thrown.

Author: ```suggestion
The argument sequence starts from `0`, and can't be larger than the number passed in the `js_function` macro. If you pass in an index that is larger than the number in the `js_function` macro, a JavaScript Error will be thrown.
```
